Explain how to use `Target` attribute (#287)
php-http/documentation: integrations/symfony-bundle.rst

    httplug:
        default_client_autowiring: false

> With Symfony 5.3 it's possible to use the `#[Target]` attribute to select the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using this bundle with Symfony 5.3 or newer, you can use the `#[Target]` attribute to select a
```

> correct client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client by name:
```
